### Creating HD Wallet Drive and initial setup
We initially start by creating a directory called 'wallet' and clone the folder 'hd-wallet-drive' by cloning the repository from a github source. Additionally, we created a ./derive function from the parent directory 'wallet' using the symlink derive. 
Next, we created a new file called 'wallet.py' to write the code required for the project. 

### Working in the 'wallet.py' file
Once the wallet.py file was created, we created another file 'constants.py' which contained the three string literals for the cryptocurrencies we were going to use. We could then import the constants.py file into the wallet.py file to use the preset constants. Once we generated our mnemonic phrase using the site: 'https://iancoleman.io/bip39/', we could then begin coding the wallet.py file using the mnemonic phrase generated. The wallet uses this mnemonic phrase to send ETH and BTCTEST using the terminal window. By creating our own functions to send these coins, we can monitor our transactions. Fortunately, I was able to create the object 'coins' that pulled the private key based on the input based on the coin type. Yet when it came down to creating the needed funtions to transact and send test amounts, I was unable to perfect the final functions to test a proper transaction. Despite having test crypto in the address derived from the generated mnemonic phrases, I would have liked to see a test transaction go through. I hoped to have had a better understanding of the minute details behind each line of code, which I need to spend more time to fully grasp and understand. 